Increase comprehension of the docs (#95)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/feature/keymaps.md

## Big Picture

All keyboard definitions (complete boards or shields) include the _default_ keymap for that keyboard
so that ZMK can produce a "stock" firmware for that keyboard without any further modifications. For
users looking to customize their keyboard's behavior, they can copy the stock `.keymap` file into
their user config directory, and customize the keymap to their liking.

## Behaviors

ZMK implements the concept of "behaviors". Each can be bound to a specific key position, sensor (encoder), or
layer. The "behavior" will perform particular actions when events occur for that binding.

> For example, the simplest behavior in ZMK is the "key press" behavior. It responds to one key on the keyboard.

Author: I had my little brother read it over. He said that he preferred the 'red one.' I could add them to the terms page for extra measure.

In addition to the base default layer (which can be changed), certain bound behaviors may also
enable/disable additional layers "on top" of the default layer.

When a key location is pressed or released, the stack of all active [layers](/docs/terms#layer) from "top to
bottom" is used. The event is sent to the [behavior](/docs/terms#behavior) bound at that position in each

> layer. Those [behaviors](/docs/terms#behavior) can "handle" the event, stop it from being passed to any lower
> [layers](/docs/terms#layer), or choose to "pass it along" and let the [layer](/docs/terms#layer) below handle
> the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
layer. These [behaviors](/docs/terms#behavior) can "handle" the event, stopping it from being passed to any lower
[layers](/docs/terms#layer), or choose to "pass it along" and let the [layer](/docs/terms#layer) below handle
the event.
```

In its current form, I think it can be read as three options:

 - Handle
 - Stop
 - Pass

Rather than "Handle and stop" or "Pass". Swapping to "stopping" or some other reword here would help that.

In this case, the `A` is actually a define for the raw HID keycode, to make keymaps easier to read and write.

> For an example of a binding that uses two parameters, you can see how "mod-tap" (`mt`) is bound:

Reviewer 2: Can we make this link to the newly added mod tap docs?

Author: Resolved in brainwart/zmk@7c2d2c61e32d4bb0b4896862c57a36214aaa390b
